Add a note about OpsGenie notifications to the "Track the incident" section (#519)
artsy/README: playbooks/incident-handling.md

1. **Track the incident** by creating an incident in [OpsGenie](https://artsy.app.opsgenie.com/incident/list) based
   on the available information
   
> After you submit the incident, another onCall engineer will be notified via an alert from OpsGenie
> 

> > Add responders immediately if the failure requires attention urgently and you cannot handle it yourself, the responder will be notified via an alert from OpsGenie as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Add responders to the OpsGenie incident if the issue requires urgent attention and you cannot diagnose/address/resolve the incident yourself. Once added, the responders will be notified by OpsGenie
```
